is back and ready to react spider-man
spider-man does whatever a spider bank
does kick some ass
fucks a chick the dark building is his
dick look out here comes the spider mag
here comes the spider bag it comes
spider-man know about the series
remember at the end of the series like
he would be swinging like the city city
streets he was swinging through the rest
of the city in anyway all my spider-man
fans will know apart I'm talking about
so anyway in the wake of the news of
spider-man being in and up incoming Mars
movie namely captain X of war someone
has made a fan-made trailer spider-man
with the Avengers teaser so let's check
this out
damn that was perfect
that was perfect whoever did this
that was perfect can y'all imagine
sitting in the theater and seeing that
like if this wasn't fan made and you saw
this the whole fucking crap the whole
fucking theater would erupt like if you
put it in something like y'all you know
fast and furious or star wars or or or
The Avengers or you know I mean like the
god shit
but are you gonna be an Avengers 3 you
have me like oh man come on now that is
you know the detail and it's ever did
that seriously hats off that was fucking
good that was good I like that
alright man besides if you liked my
reaction press the like button and don't
forget to subscribe
alright post your comments below let me
know what you thought of the fan mails
made trailer well what better you
subscribers now
subscribe